what's up guys all guns here and today
I'm going to be you play view I don't
you bring it but this is definitely a
special player this week air release
micron Yeti as a striker version so as
you can imagine that the moment is very
high the supplier is very low and he's
very rare on the Xbox and the
PlayStation free market is going for a
ridiculous amount of coins wheeze them
in the 352 formation because / 50 like
sins video that will be absolutely
amazing subscribe to my channel for
having ready follow me on Twitter all
guns raving limits the feedback in the
comments section down below and the
scoreboard up with Mike on the etienne
it's free million coins and that will be
out tomorrow so play 2.7 million coins
haven't very expensive player and now
onto thin games that so starting off
with physical as you can see there some
very nice stats it's got 90 sprint speed
90 acceleration and a few of us name
there that very nice and stand out a lot
and not lose mental attributes they are
very terrible and there's nothing to
share about their or to skillet sweets
and they're pretty bad they were orange
and yellow several one which is he shot
pal and that definitely stands out in
game but these skill attitudes
definitely like he's incredible playing
game palms very well and definitely
should have better in game stats and
he's got high second walk rate medium
defensive his right foot five star
skills and freestyle wit foot now I'm
sitting game footage I mean got his
movement and I start off with so lovely
room they passes and remember seeds hall
with a 12 burns ease defender couldn't
keep up when they smashes it near post
Opie to score a lovely goal and the goal
keeper couldn't get nowhere near it he
again got a nice little movement we play
lovely chip free ball to him takes down
nicely and defend the money shut them
off temporarily but he does get the ball
back and then he saw city on the defense
the goalkeeper friend very nice finished
once again and it again got my Connelly
at a bursting for go once he is for him
go nobody's catching him he's too quick
then does the Berber ran out a chop and
then smash it into the top hand corner
lovely finished once again I can't
stress enough you know some players
don't feel 90 pace he feels quicker 90
pace he is too quick for any defender
they just won't catch him soon as you
release him he's done and he's one on
one with a goalkeeper once again lovely
movement lovely pace and lovely finish
and here's the last one golf you he's
gonna burn the defend that this was
actually a bronze South Korean Pacey
defender and looking and he just burns
him can't keep up with and he just
destroyed is absolutely knackered after
making that run to try and tempt to get
back Michael anybody can do it and my
committee finishes and his two lovely
finishes just just outside the box from
him
it takes it under control dummies it and
it's smashing into the bottom hand
corner goalkeeping getting our near and
that was a lovely finish once again he's
got great finishing ability I can't
stress that enough evil and once again
lovely finished from Michael net he gets
lucky after he gets the deflection on to
him but he takes yeah no second chances
without he's just going to smash that
build the goalkeeper for a lovely finish
once again and now for the final clips
I've got a few easy skills and his
dribble sorry skills and he's dribbling
ability and ball control so here I've
got lovely dribbling run just weaving in
that defenders nicely it tight ball
control there and bad defending on my
opponents but still he's going to take a
volunteer and smashed into the top hand
corner lovely finish once again and his
lovely bit skill we knock it past first
defender then the running scoop turn and
he's going to smash it beyond the
goalkeeper I think that you have a few
more goals I lost it because I see PVR
crashed and i lost the footage but
nevertheless Michael nieta you know it
affects your skill moves so good the
running scoop turn is so good with him
easeus affectionate and once again the
running scoop turn to beat the last
offend the smashing on the goalkeeper
and lovely finish once again and it is a
final gonna say takes a lovely touch
beyond the defender then slots to be on
the goalkeeper and that was a lovely
finish from mike conley Ettie once again
so now moving on to the plan alice's so
the pros i've got a few he's very quick
as you can see they can burn any
defender once he's for own goal he's
going to be one-on-one with a goal p but
there's no catching him he's finishing
incredible now he's got so many shot and
that definitely doesn't lie he's
ridiculous shot power ridiculous overall
player and his five star skills you know
they definitely show you know five star
skill moves on any player that is going
to be a pro that McGee d spend the
running scoops are so effective is a
very agile he's ball control and he's
dribbling all combines one together to
make them complete plano great ball
control can take down the through balls
dribbling ability can just dribble in
between defenders and very agile it can
shrug off the defenders sometimes even
though he's very weak so it on to his
cons and he's very weak you guys got
pushed off the ball far too easily these
prices definitely agree another one he's
too expensive 2.7 million and also he's
weak for freestyle week 4 is a bit of a
letdown but it's not too much of an
issue so the player actual rating that
i'm going to give michael nieta out of
10 is going to be nine out of 10 and
that is simply be going to going to be
because he's just a class player and
then the only things i could find wrong
with him was
strength that was the main issue and his
price so free cons he's nine out of ten
hope you enjoyed the video guys remember
to hit that like button if you'd enjoy
subscribe to my channel found it already
and follow my tour guns raving leave me
some feedback in the comments section
down below and I'll see you in the next
video peace